Feat/port 3137 my teams filter docs (#222)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/customize-pages-dashboards-and-plugins/page/page.md

Each page type has a set of operations that can be performed from the UI.  
The table below summarizes the available operations for every type:

| Page type                                           | Save a view | Save view as<br /> a new page | Edit page | Delete page | Lock page |
| --------------------------------------------------- | :---------: | :---------------------------: | :-------: | :---------: | :-------: |

> | Blueprint page (Default Page)                       |     ✅      |              ✅               |    ❌     |     ❌      |    ❌     |

Reviewer: The default page can be locked

You can filter one or more values while setting the relation between each field filter with a: `And/Or`.

#### My Teams Filter

> This filter gives you the option to filter entities that belong to your teams (the teams you are in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the _my teams_ filter you will only see entities that belong to one of your teams. This means you will only see entities from teams that you are a member of.
```

> This filter works on `string` with format `team` fields and on the meta property `Team`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This filter works on:

 - `string` properties with the format `team`;
 - The meta property `Team`.
```

Reviewer: Also add a deep link to the meta-property page: https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/define-your-data-model/setup-blueprint/properties/meta-properties
